README.md, before:

# binance-valuations

Finds values of individual wallets inside binance!
This adds the value of each wallet in Binance (under deposits and withdraws) after clicking on the chrome extension icon.

## For Feature Suggestions and Bug Reports

Please use the [issues tracker on this github repository](https://github.com/Matrix-Guy/binance-valuations/issues)!

### Prerequisites

None! This project uses just vanilla Javascript!

### Installing and Deployment

1. Clone the repository.
2. Go to [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions). (or similar for other chromium based browsers such as vivaldi: [vivaldi://extensions](vivaldi://extensions))
3. Enable developer mode.
4. Click "Load unpacked extension..." and select the repository's folder
5. Done!

Most editing you will want to do if any will take place in [content.js](https://github.com/Matrix-Guy/binance-valuations/blob/master/content.js).

Happy forking!

## Built With

* [Javascript](https://www.javascript.com/) - The web framework used

## Contributing

Submit an issue tracker or a pull request and someone will get back to you.

## Authors

* **Cody Neiman** - *AKA* - [Matrix-Guy](https://github.com/Matrix-Guy)

Any future collaborators will be added here.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 3, 29 June 2007) - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

* Props to the [Programmer's Hangout Discord Server](https://discord.me/page/coding) which helped me with some asynch problems I hit.

Commit message:

Touched up readme and added an upcoming features section

README.md, after:

# binance-valuations

Finds values of individual wallets inside binance!
This adds the value of each wallet in Binance (under deposits and withdraws) after clicking on the chrome extension icon.

## For Feature Suggestions and Bug Reports

Please use the [issues tracker on this github repository](https://github.com/Matrix-Guy/binance-valuations/issues)!

## Upcoming Features
* Only request values above 0
* Add TradingView embedded graphs to changed elements

### Prerequisites

None! This project uses just vanilla JavaScript!

### Installing and Deployment

1. Clone the repository.
2. Go to ["chrome://extensions"](chrome://extensions). (or similar for other chromium based browsers such as vivaldi: ["vivaldi://extensions"](vivaldi://extensions))
3. Enable developer mode.
4. Click "Load unpacked extension..." and select the repository's folder
5. Done!

Most editing you will want to do if any will take place in [content.js](content.js).

Happy forking!

## Built With

* [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) - The web framework used

## Contributing

Submit an issue tracker or a pull request and someone will get back to you.

## Authors

* **Cody Neiman** - *AKA* - [Matrix-Guy](https://github.com/Matrix-Guy)

Any future collaborators will be added here.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 3, 29 June 2007) - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

* Props to the [Programmer's Hangout Discord Server](https://discord.me/page/coding) which helped me with some asynch problems I hit.
